yeah okay this is life this is love that
I had with you I promise that there's
nothing that I ever plan to do
there was business that is finished push
it to the limit and I'm always coming
back to you
damn I don't never breathe it there is
not another soul I kept seeking look
inside of my third eye you believe in
conscious awareness that you really
really need it it's so damn beautiful
it's not what I'm used to though I only
write but now me I look up to the clouds
for my vision and actually see ya huh I
never let pride weigh me down already
heavy from the things that I dragged
around it's nothing that these strings
and flown away I was once a puppet but
this is a new day yeah it's my last yeah
I should live it every day like it's my
last yeah just living every day like
it's my last
yeah I'm just living every day like it's
my last yeah like you live it every day
like it's my last again I'm just living
every day like it's my last
I can
it's my last
like it's my best
every day that gives my last yeah
I believe life is like that it is just a
test of everything we struggle to
connect and the rest is just a motive
motion that you hold and if you notice
that people say it's baseball when you
pass I'm only hoping this is true but I
lasted only because when you struggle to
see through and ask but the company
seems to rule with who themselves to
each other that's where the God some
people spend their whole life looking
for another lover I was watching a
wishing well wash away the kiss-and-tell
until I drown in my own sorrows thought
I told you that I've been through hell
not sure how quick I fell but it brought
me out my shell I never wanna say your
name again I should just be farewell but
I more open as these days pass faster
also curious as to what life's after and
if I never finished I'll be such a
bastard my parents always say this is
nothing left I planned for you but they
know that I can still do good I spent
the message in the knowledge that you
always could climb over anything that
you encounter I guess that's why they
say wisdom is power
it's my last yeah
you